The Joe Rogan experience. Quantum physics is weird enough as it is. Yeah.
Without adding that,
that movie was literally created by a channeler, right?
A friend, friend of mine, uh, David Albert,
who is one of the leading philosophers of physics.
And I should also give credit to philosophers here because they have been taking
quantum mechanics seriously longer though. Physicists have to be honest. Um,
so David is one of many people who got a PhD in physics and then switched to
philosophy because he cared about the foundations of quantum mechanics and no
physics department would ever hire him. Right. That's hilarious. And, uh, yeah.
I tell the story he going through the back door. Yeah.
I tell the story in the book,
like he wrote a bunch of influential papers as a graduate student,
and then he went and said, uh, I would like to, you know, make these papers,
my PhD thesis. And they said, no, that's not really serious physics.
And they punished him by making him write this incredibly technical mathematical
paper on quantum field theory, just to prove he could do it.
And then he's like this, I, I don't wanna take this anymore.
I'm switching fields. But anyway, he was in that film,
he was in what the bleep and they lied to him.
They represented themselves. They said,
we're doing a documentary about quantum mechanics.
And they sat him down for three hours and asked him all these questions,
you know, leading questions.
Like doesn't this mean that we're bringing reality into existence by looking at
it. And, and he's like, no, that's not what it means.
Let me explain to you then in the final film,
there's like 32nd clips of him going yes. Is a really important question.
<laugh> right, right. Like completely misrepresent what he said.
And so he went public after that and, uh, and complained about,
and about the film. And he did in a hilarious story.
There was a, uh, event,
some sort of convention put on in Santa Monica by supporters of the film
that they thought it would be fun to get all of the people who were in the
movie, what the bleep do we know and get them at, you know,
and talk to them and charge people money to listen to them.
But these people were not affiliated with the filmmakers.
So they didn't know that David Albert had been completely misrepresented in the
film.
So they invited him and he goes to this event in Santa Monica and he gave a
talk. You know, he, he decided, you know, he wondered like,
should I just go at all? But okay, look, why not?
Let's reach a different audience. And he, he gave a talk and he said, look,
there's two things you can do when you are faced with fundamental puzzles of
reality. One is you can face up to what the world is trying to tell you,
and you can accept it and take it as what it is. No matter what you like.
The other is, you can choose to tell a flattering story about yourself.
<laugh> and the people who made this movie have decided that the mysteries of
quantum mechanics are really stories about how they are powerful and have
influence over reality and so forth. But it's all nonsense.
And the punchline is the audience loved it. They went nuts because what,
what they wanted was a guru of some sort. And like,
he was just as good a guru as anybody else. Right. Right. So, you know,
he had a better story to tell a reality based girl, a reality guru. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. So I think you're right. I mean,
I think that quantum mechanics I've said before is, uh,
of all the theories in the history of science,
the most easily distorted and misrepresented in the popular mind.
When my first movie came out,
I think every review basically said something along the lines of worst movie
ever made. I hate this movie and now people do, that's your best movie,
you know? Like you've been chasing it ever since. So it's just weird.
How say with white zombie, when our first G I still remember this,
our first Geffen record came out. I saw the first review.
It was this magazine alternative press who two years ago gave me this
lifetime achievement award. And I had to read the review while,
except the award, the review said, this is the worst band ever <laugh>.
I was like ever come on.
And it said, this is the worst band ever ignore this band. Mm.
So there was something a, you know, there must have been something.
Did you ever contact.
The person who wrote.
That? No, I don't. I, back then, I was just like.
Just, I mean, like, I felt like maybe a few years later, once you.
Were really successful, I can't remember who it was. I,
I used to be upset by reviews until I saw who wrote them. Mm.
Yeah. You know? Yeah.
That's a.
A problem that guy.
I like it. A lot of critics or critics, cuz they really wanted to be writers.
They just don't have a lot to contribute. And so they just on things. And it's.
Just like you as a, when you're young and you're new and you're reading it,
you think that the guy's writing it for writing. I asks you like, oh,
this dude must look like Lemy. He must be this hard guy. And ah yep.
And then you see guy like that guy wrote it. Oh him.
<laugh> you everyone else who ever writes anything again? I don't give a.
Yeah. But the thing is about music is it's so subjective and you know,
someone who grew up wearing the right eyes, odd shirts,
hanging with the cool crowd. They're not gonna, it's your,
music's not gonna resonate with them the same way it's gonna be with other
people that felt like they were outsiders. I.
Mean,
I can only do what I do and I don't know what would be popular.
Right. I don't understand popular culture in a way.
Cuz when people are like gushing over something, a movie or something, I say,
I go, I hated the, that movie.
I know it made 500 million and it's everyone's favorite movie. I go,
I could barely sit through it and.
Yeah, there's a lot of.
Those being made. Same with music. Like, I'd be like,
oh I love the velvet underground. Everyone's like, but what about,
and they'll name something like, you know,
I don't wanna bash anybody but something so popular.
Like I go that makes me want to kill myself. When I hear that,
literally it's sickening. The.
Thing is as well. Like what happens is like on a Friday, our gym,
like the whole gym will like be changing partners and stuff like that.
So if I come across someone who's a bit,
a bit less experienced and stuff and they're going out and they're not too sure
about what they're doing and you end up getting hurt. Like yeah.
So that's why I just like,
I took myself out of that and don't really do it anymore.
Yeah. That's a wise thing, man.
It's wise and I really wish more young fighters would appreci ate that early in
their career because I think so many of 'em are compromised by the time they get
to the big leagues. Yeah. You know,
by the time they get to beator or MMA with the UFC or you know,
even kickboxing guys, by the time they get to big fights,
they've already been dinged up too much and they can't take a shot anymore.
Yeah. 400%.
I've seen that Lord recently as well, like fighters, well like 27,
28 should be just starting the prime now for the next four or five years.
And they're already punchy as. You know what I mean? Think.
You said an interesting thing. Sorry sec. Alexand SEK. Cause I'm, you know,
I'm boring and I'm always watching thought fight. Even if it's in, you know,
Russian and or reading his subtitles. And there's one about Alexander,
you say he's boring. No, I'm boring.
I just sit there watching fights all the time. It's that's just what I do.
But um, there's a video of sec.
And he was saying about now people aren't moving the feet. He said,
you watch the American styles and the British,
they're all like doing this and the, the Philly shirt,
shell and stuff like that. They're not moving the feet anymore.
Which Anne was really interesting. Cuz if you look that the footwork is there,
footwork is so superior. Yeah. Him LA Himman LA him Lama.
When he waveed for Tony, bellue pop a great performance against him,
but he just put him in a position at the end of it. He was. Yeah. Not many.
People realized what he'd actually done ever as well.
He he'd put him there and he were waiting and waiting and waiting.
When he got him there, he knew he couldn't get go out and he.
Bang. Yeah. He would've amazing if we got a chance to see Floyd versus Loma.
Oh God. When Floyd was in his project. Gotcha.
That would've been incredible to see which style superior. Yeah.
Cause Floyd would move towards you like this.
He would just get right up on you and he'll.
Be trying to like move on the back of him with the fly. Would've been amazing.
You said.
That like I think,
I think it was one that when you said he was talking to someone where he was,
uh maywether Floyd, pretty boy Floyd and money.
Maywether it's like two different fighters. Really? Yeah. Hundred 100 percent.
Yeah, because money maywether. Yes. The pretty boy Floyd was better on,
was more on his feet, sharper on his feet. More aggressively. Yeah.
More aggressive.
As well. He were.
A fighter around,
especially with the right hands when he fought Philipp pen doing it and with
like six right hands. Like.
He did the Gaty and stuff like that. He right to the body. Yeah.
True God. He was, that was a horrific massacre.
Yeah. I felt, I remember watching that RO young as well. When I watched that,
I remember thinking ELs a right beat in bad. Yeah.
I, he was executing him. No desire.
I mean no business being in the room with him. No.
Which just show you how good Floyd really is. Yeah. He, sir, you know,
I mean people just because the fact that he's one by, you know, playing it,
safe people that just don't get excited about him.
And they recognize him with the all time greats he's the best ever.
Yeah. I believe, I believe so. I did canal.
Absolutely. School them could say down just.
Absolutely change canal style. Did you look at the way canal fight? Uh,
did Daniel Jacobs so much head some so elusive now? Yeah. And.
He learned in Amster, uh, on, away from Amsterdam to London.
Dan bought some mushrooms Uh-oh and I guess they were legal there.
I never, I didn't Dan bought 'em and bought 'em on the,
we were traveling in a van at the time and they were giant fresh <laugh>
mushroom. Not even dried. No man. It was like a meal.
And then he bought him. He like, you guys, you should take some,
you should take some. And I was like, I ate like the stem and it was massive.
I mean, it was like eating a burrito. And I was like,
and after like 20 minutes after 20, 30 minutes, it's like, I don't feel,
I don't feel anything. Dan's like, oh, seat to rest, man. I don't know.
<laugh><laugh> I eat the rest of this thing. It massive thing.
And like I just instant start sweating.
It smells like a portabello mushroom seeping from my skin. And I yell,
I yell to the driver. I'm like starting to spin out. I'm like,
<laugh> I like how to, how do you get this to stop? He turns around,
he only wore black and his shades on. And I thought,
I really thought at the time he was like Satan.
He was like drink loads of beer <laugh> and I was like,
what the? And then I just like in the back,
just like like freaking out for like two hours.
And then finally we stopped'm. 'm like we got, I gotta get the outta this van.
This is, this is in 2003. This is a long time ago.
Know you were whiteuckling your girl, girlfriend. <laugh> I was like, I.
Was like, Hey. Yeah. And then we'd get out. And like, I was like,
I just think it's the fresh air man. I'm like, uh,
we stop at this gas station in Belgium and I walk into the bathroom
with Dan and they're like, this woman's like speaking in French, like,
you know it basically saying it. I was like, what the? She what's happening Dan?
Like it costs money to pee here, bro. <laugh> and I'm like, what? He's like,
I know, man, it's that crazy? And I'm like freaking out. And I,
all I had was like 50 euros and I put it on the tray and Dan grabs it and
puts it in my pocket and then puts like a cool there, like, like, dude,
it doesn't cost that much to pee. And like, uh,
and then we both started laughing at that moment. And then it,
I turned the edge from that. And then it was an amazing experience.
We started being like laughing at like how clean their dumpster was.
Like they had a bright, like even the dumpsters here clean,
it was like bright. Rather he could eat off it. You could, yeah, he could eat.
You could really truly dumpster dive here and be like eating a regular meal
America. And, but I,
but I got that panicky thing right there at the top and I swear that opened it
up for me, man. There was no natural light in the back.
Of the van. Also all the windows had the really dark, dark tint, black tint. Oh.
So we were just in this panic van.
You know? Yeah. You need to get outside.
Yeah. I remember when the sliding door went open.
It was like when they went into Willie wonco's place. Yeah.
Oh the light came in and, and then it seemed like it was crazy.
Cuz when we got back in the van three hours later, like our driver's like, dude,
we gotta go. It's like, we've been here for 20 minutes. He's like,
it's been three hours works of you guys LA talking about this
dumpster <laugh> and I was like, no way.
Colin. I love by the way. Very underrated. Oh yeah. Super.
Never talked about Colin Quinn genius, comedy genius. Um,
but he did tough crowd. Did you, were you around those days? Oh,
that that's my whole comedy world is tough crowd. That's like my, were you,
were you ever on it or no, no, no. That was oh four. I, I started at oh six.
I came around.
I mean I was on like maybe second season or something like that.
I forget and common.
I hadn't seen him in forever and he was warming up the crowd.
So he's doing standup to warm up the crowd. Yeah. I mean and murdering murder.
And I was thinking murder.
He's like right now doing something that's way better than the show itself.
Oh interestinteresting Thising is so weird. Right? Cause like his standup,
like it was very tight and you know, and they were huge Colin Quinn fans sure.
And tough crowd fans. So they were laughing hard. But what that show was,
was the first show where comics could ball bust. Yes.
Like we do in the back bar at the store. Right. Or like we do, you know,
when we're in the green room, we talk about each other. We around. We have fun.
Yeah. And we make fun of each other and we laugh and it's real.
It wasn't fake. Like they try to react reenact the ball busting.
And it's always, you can bear you. That.
Is ne like if someone says something and they're like, uh, mark,
we didn't get coverage on that. Can you repeat? that<laugh>.
Can you call his mom akunk again? We didn't get it. You.
Know, get the out of here. I'm.
Not faking that. I remember dip Apollo had some lying. He said, uh,
Ralphie may was sitting on a big gr uh, red beanbag chair. And dipala said,
you look like you jumped out of a plane and land on a Coke machine. Oh,
oh my God.
Lost this. And then, oh my God, he.
Called Patrice star Jones. Uh,
81 time he bombed and he took a sip and Patrice goes, yeah,
take another sip of time. And I mean,
they were just so many zings and these guys were the king of zing. They,
and they knew each other and it was, uh, it was genius.
No, it was. And it was a show that I don't even think he could do today. No, it.
Was too.